README.md, before:

# Geo Locator Client App

This project is an Angular application that allows users to view and send email with geo location details.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)   (V 12.11.0)
- [Npm](https://nodejs.org/)   (V 6.11.3)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/cli)  (V 9.1.0)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AhmadBahlwan/GeoLocatorClient.git


2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd geolocation-app

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   ng serve


## Usage

- **Submit address and email details:**
  - Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:4200/` and submit the address and email 

## Features

- **Loading Spinner:**
  - A loading spinner is displayed during network requests.



## Folder Structure
```bash
/angular-quiz-app
|-- /src
| |-- /app
| | |-- /address-form
| | | |-- address-form.component.ts
| | | |-- address-form.component.html
| | | |-- address-form.component.css
| | |-- /users
| | | |-- users.component.ts
| | | |-- users.component.html
| | | |-- app.component.spec.ts
| | | |-- users.component.css
| | |-- app.component.ts
| | |-- app.component.html
| | |-- app.component.css
| | |-- /app.module.ts
| | |-- /backend.service.ts
| | |-- /spinner-interceptor.service.ts
|-- angular.json
|-- package.json
|-- README.md

Commit message:

Add backend API endpoint to the environments and add note for deployment on README.md file

README.md, after:

# Geo Locator Client App

This project is an Angular application that allows users to view and send email with geo location details.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)   (V 12.11.0)
- [Npm](https://nodejs.org/)   (V 6.11.3)
- [Angular CLI](https://angular.io/cli)  (V 9.1.0)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/AhmadBahlwan/GeoLocatorClient.git


2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd geolocation-app

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   ng serve


## Usage

- **Submit address and email details:**
  - Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:4200/` and submit the address and email 

## Features

- **Loading Spinner:**
  - A loading spinner is displayed during network requests.



## Deployment
<li>AWS S3</li>

## You can try it on this link
- http://geolocator-frontend.s3-website.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com



## Folder Structure
```bash
/angular-quiz-app
|-- /src
| |-- /app
| | |-- /address-form
| | | |-- address-form.component.ts
| | | |-- address-form.component.html
| | | |-- address-form.component.css
| | |-- /users
| | | |-- users.component.ts
| | | |-- users.component.html
| | | |-- app.component.spec.ts
| | | |-- users.component.css
| | |-- app.component.ts
| | |-- app.component.html
| | |-- app.component.css
| | |-- /app.module.ts
| | |-- /backend.service.ts
| | |-- /spinner-interceptor.service.ts
|-- angular.json
|-- package.json
|-- README.md
